## Graphics.WebGL.Raw

See the [module documentation][1] for all exported functions, constants, and
types.

  [1]: docs/README.md

This library is the thinnest possible PureScript wrapper for JavaScript WebGL
methods, providing just enough to wrap possible `null`/`undefined` values in
their respective empty contexts. Returned values are wrapped in the `Eff`
monad, using the `Canvas` effect provided by [`purescript-canvas`][2] for
compatibility with general `HTMLCanvasElement` functions.

  [2]: https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-canvas

This library is generated by parsing the [Khronos IDL][2] for the WebGL
specification with the included Haskell parser and pretty-printer. This
library should not be altered manually but instead by modifying the
parser/printer.

  [3]: https://www.khronos.org/registry/webgl/specs/1.0.3/

This library is not intended for production use, but instead to be wrapped by
additional libraries providing type-safety and error checking and handling.
Users should note that a returned `Nothing` value is indicative of a WebGL
failure and handle accordingly.

## Khronos IDL Parser and PureScript Printer

To build the parser/printer, ensure you have a recent version of Haskell and
`cabal-install` installed, and then:

```sh
> cabal sandbox init
> cabal install --only-dependencies
> cabal build
```

To run the generator on the included IDL and output the contents into the
correct PureScript modules:

```sh
> cabal run docs/WebGL-1.0.3.idl
```

If modifying the parser, be sure to regenerate the module documentation by
running the default Grunt task. Ensure you have a recent version of Node and
`npm` installed, and then:

```sh
> npm install
> bower install
> grunt
```

## Credits

This package is built upon the amazing amounts of hard work done by [Jurgen
Nicklisch-Franken][3], from whom the original parser/printer was forked.

  [3]: https://github.com/jutaro
